[ Suspenseful music plays ]
You can't run from me
any longer.
[ Breathing heavily ]
**
I know you're in here, killer!
[ Metal scrapes ]
**
This is the end.
I spent all this time
looking for you,
and you are behind this door.
**
Now what?
[ Groans ]
Still don't know
who the killer is?
No!
I can't finish "A Case
of a Knife to the Brain"
if I don't know who put
that knife in that brain.
Sounds like
writer's block.
How do you know that term?
I had writer's block
when I was drafting
the new HOA regulations.
I could not find a synonym
for the word "forbidden."
"Banned."
I went with "no-no."
Had to dumb it down
for Carol-Joan.
That's true.
[ Blows ]
-- Captions by VITAC --
* Fresh off the boat
* I'm gettin' mine
everywhere I go *
* If you don't know, homey,
now you know *
* Fresh off the boat
* Homey, you don't know
where I come from *
* But I know where I'm goin'
* I'm fresh off the boat
I've written myself
into a corner, Louis.
This crime is too perfect.
I'm sure it's --
If Jennifer Hong can't solve
these murders, then who can?
She is the ultimate
detective -- beautiful.
Smart. Observant.
Beautiful.
Maybe you just need
a break.
When I was updating
the menus at Cattleman's,
I got stuck on salads --
Not to mention,
the coffee maker is broken!
How am I supposed to write
without coffee?
Mm, our friend the carrot
provides natural energy.
Please, do not push
your vegetable agenda on me.
And this coffee-maker manual
was no help!
26 languages,
and all it talks about
is how to set
the digital clock.
The Mandarin was accurate,
though.
I know the writing's
been hard, but keep at it.
You'll figure it out.
What if I can't?
Oh, you're being
too hard on yourself.
Don't be
your own worst enemy.
You're right.
If Stephen King can trick
people into thinking
a dog is interesting
for 300 pages, I can do this.
**
* Do you really wanna party
with me? *
* Let me see
just what you got for me *
* Put all your hands
where my eyes can see *
* Straight buckwildin'
in the place to be *
* If you really wanna party
with me *
Now, that's how you break down
the apocalypse.
May it never come so Busta
can keep rapping about it.
I didn't even know
he put out a new record.
That's what
we got Eddie for.
I may not be able to tell you
where Canada is on the map,
but I can tell you
the current Hip-Hop 100.
Uhp!
Usher just went up
a couple spots.
Good for Ursh.
Whose turn is it
to load a new CD?
-Man...
-But my feet.
I literally
just sat down.
Well, it's not gonna be me.
It's my room.
I stand up in it all the time.
-Hey, hey!
-Our guy!
What an entrance!
Brian!
Change the CD, will ya?
-I got up to pee, not work.
-[ Groans ]
Gentlemen, our prayers
have been answered.
Eddie: 300 discs?
We'll never have to get up
to change the CD again.
We just press "shuffle," and
it does all the work for us.
-How much is it?
-$300.
Only a dollar a disc.
If we all go in,
it's just 60 bucks each.
-All right.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Eddie, you sure
you're good for it?
[ Scoffs ]
Are you questioning my stacks?
Yeah.
I'm good for it.
Hey, bros.
Spot me 60 bucks
real quick.
**
Louis.
I've got big news.
Someone ordered
the bison tartare. I knew it.
I knew if we just kept it
on the menu,
someone would eventually
have the courage to --
No.
Kenny Rogers is visiting
Cattleman's Ranch this week.
Ohh.
Don't you lie to me,
Matthew Chestnut.
Kenny always does
two tours a year --
one musical, one business.
I mean,
not that he has time
to visit every one
of his restaurants.
Of course
he can't visit them all.
The man
runs a culinary empire.
Exactly. He's only got time
to visit a select few.
Ones that he finds, for
whatever reason, "excitin'."
That's even better
than "exci-ting."
That's cowboy joy.
Whew!
[ Laughs ]
**
Oh, Emery.
My son.
So, when two leaders
meet for the first time,
it is customary to have
an exchange of gifts.
Which one
do you like more?
This boutique pen
featuring a covered wagon
traveling across
the American West.
Or...an 8x10 sketch
of a cow and chicken
riding motorcycles?
Well, it is kind of hard
to wrap a pen
without giving away
what it is.
[ Chuckles ]
Not the way I wrap.
I once wrapped a toaster
that your mother thought
was diamond earrings.
She was very disappointed.
Do you want me to say
the pen?
My son!
Mm.
[ Scooter approaching ]
Hmm.
Jessica: Hey!
Where are you going?!
Grandma Huang:
[ Scoffs ]
Well, she was supposed
to play Amy Grant.
So I could announce...
that I finished my book!
[ Gasps ]
Oh, wow! That's great!
I knew you would!
I couldn't have done it
without your support.
I can't wait to read it.
You don't have to.
Not sure
if you're asking me to --
Read it all tonight?
Yes, I am.
And while you're doing that,
I'm just gonna ride
this creative high.
I'm gonna craft
a complaint letter
to the people at Mr. Coffee.
Don't tell me I can't.
Well, I'm kind of
in the middle of preparing
for Kenny Rogers' first visit
to Cattleman's.
You're finally
gonna meet Kenny.
That's big.
I know!
So would it be okay
if I read your book later?
Oh, Louis. No.
**
How am I only on page 9?!
So many commas.
[ Scoffs ]
The cleaning lady is a robot?
What year is this?!
Why is the police chief
suddenly twins?
"It had all led here,
the trail of so many knives
to so many brains.
Jennifer Hong, ever beautiful,
extended her ageless hand
to the doorknob."
**
[ Gasps ]
"The killer was herself"?
Right?!
Aaaah!
That scary, huh?
That ending
was thanks to you.
I got the idea when you told me
not to be my own worst enemy.
I did the opposite
of what you said.
Oh.
Right. Right.
So, what do you think?
I love it.
[ Chuckles ]
It was amazing!
I know!
I can't believe
I finished my novel!
You did.
You finished it.
It's all over.
I feel like a runner
at the end of a marathon.
Except words
are my miles.
Oh.
**
[ Dramatic music plays ]
More than 3,500 songs
inside a machine
that's only 17 inches long by
8 inches wide by 19 inches deep.
And she only weighs
20 pounds.
-Crazy.
-Awesome.
Technology.
I loaded every one of my CDs
in here.
[ CD player powering up ]
Oh, look at it go.
It's like a light show.
My heart
is racing right now.
[ Beeping ]
[ Intro to "Circle of Life"
from "The Lion King" plays ]
Yes!
Mufasa time!
[ Music stops ]
You guys put
your "Lion King" CD in?
We lent you
the money to buy it,
so we figured
we'd take some slots.
[ Switch clicks ]
[ Music resumes ]
[ Music stops ]
You guys
don't get any slots.
I-I don't know, Eddie.
If they lent you money,
they kinda have a point.
Now that I think about it...
shouldn't we have
our share of the slots, too?
Why would you need that?
You love my music.
We do,
but it might be cool
to throw some slow jams
in there.
Okay, new plan.
Next time,
we all bring our Case Logics.
Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yep.
-All right.
What's going on here?
I'm gonna bring all the CDs
I listen to when I lift.
You could be a watch.
You could be
a tightly packed tie.
an ice-cream sandwich.
Are you excited
to meet Kenny Rogers?
I am!
I memorized all his songs
in case he brings his guitar
and wants to jam.
Great. You can do that
after you give him my novel
so he can give it to his agent
and get it published!
**
W-Why would you want me
to give Kenny Rogers your book?
He's a country singer/
restauranteur/underrated actor.
Louis, I forgive you.
It's not your fault
you weren't born
with my detective mind.
What are you saying?
The fastest way
to get published
is through someone
already in the business.
So I did a little digging
on everyone we know.
By the way, remind me
to tell you
why Deidre can no longer
travel through Utah.
And I discovered
that just last year,
Kenny Rogers wrote
and published a book --
"The Gift."
He's an author,
just like me!
Don't tell me.
It's about the greatest gift
being literacy, right?
I don't know.
I didn't read it.
Anyway, with your
personal recommendation,
there's no way
Kenny won't read my novel.
Right.
Sounds like a great idea.
**
Come on.
Lemme see
what you're putting in there.
Part of the experience
is the suspense.
[ Whirring ]
What a rush!
Who's it gonna be?!
[ Click ]
[ Enya's "Book of Days" plays ]
Yes!
Welcome to the party,
Enya!
Are you kidding me
with this?
[ Music stops ]
-What are you doing?
-Come on!
[ Fife playing ]
Man: The waters of
the Delaware River ran cold.
But the fire in George
Washington's eyes burned hot.
My audio book
about the American Revolution!
Get ready to learn, everyone.
It was the morning
of December 26th...
Audio book?
This isn't even music!
...when he led a column
of the Continental --
Hey!
Ugh!
[ High-pitched voice ]
They said...
Man: "You belong in
the kitchen, Betsy Ross."
And the kitchen is where I --
[ Sighs ]
Screw this!
I'm just gonna manually select
one of my CDs.
No way!
Who are you to control
what we listen to?
Guys. I've always been
in charge of the music.
Why would you want to listen
to this lame garbage?
In Dave's defense,
Enya's voice
has been known
to summon whales.
Well, as long
as the CD player's in my room,
we're not listening
to whale rock.
Well, maybe we shouldn't
keep the CD player
in your room, then.
Brian:
We each own a portion of it.
We can take turns
having it at our houses.
Like the shared-custody
situation
I'd like to have with my dad
if we could ever find out
where he is.
Eddie: Fine.
Well, it's in my room now,
so I get it first.
And I'm skipping over
whatever I want.
-Come on!
-Stop it, Eddie.
Young man:
What are you doing?
I, for one, am not
just gonna sit here
and watch you skip over
the founding of our nation!
**
[ Click ]
* One day, one life *
No!
[ Music stops ]
Guys, her book is not good.
But you told her
it wa good.
Yeah, because I love her.
But now that she's asked me
to recommend it to Kenny,
it's
a totally different thing.
I can't endorse something
I don't believe in.
Oh, that's true.
That's why I don't pet cats.
Mm.
Well, not to mention
the fact
that nobody wants to meet
someone for the first time
and ask for a huge favor.
I think you should tell her
the truth.
I mean,
Jessica can take it.
She's given me
some pretty candid critiques
over the years.
[ Chuckles ]
My cooking
lacks discipline.
The way I sign my name
suggests weakness.
I laugh wrong.
I wear too much cologne.
My dancing
comes across as arrogant.
Oh, well, that's because
you point all the time, sweetie.
Well, honey,
I like to point when I boogie.
Show people where I'm going.
Okay.
I can't tell her the truth.
It would crush her.
Honey, maybe you can read it
and tell her?
No.
Jessica and I
have an agreement
to never comment on each
other's creative pursuits.
As friends, it's better
to not know and wonder
than to know and...know.
Marvin, will you read it?
No, sorry, buddy.
No.
I don't read stories.
I go out into the world,
and I make my own.
Listen, this'll be okay.
I know some people
who aren't afraid
to tell Jessica
exactly what they think.
Your book is not good.
It didn't make
any sense.
I liked the robot?
You're not supposed
to like the robot!
So none of you
were thrilled
with the twists
and the turns in the book?
I hated it.
Boo.
It made me sad
for some reason.
I see.
Okay, well, thank you
for your honesty.
Would you mind
leaving me your manuscripts
so I can look through
your individual notes?
Yeah. Absolutely.
Sure.
Here you go.
I can't believe
those women!
I know, but suburban housewives
are your target demo.
Better to get
their feedback now
so you can start rewriting.
I am not gonna change
a word!
Who cares what they think?!
You loved it, right?
Um...yes.
Those wet hens
are just jealous.
Privileged white women
who can't stand
to see me rising
like a phoenix
out of the ashes
of this cul-de-sac!
Tell Kenny about my struggle
before you give this to him.
**
Hi. Uh -- Hmm.
Howdy.
Uh, hello, Mr. Rogers.
Oh, sure.
I'll call you Kenny.
Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
Uh...Kenny.
Great to meet you.
Speaking of great,
allow me to self-segue
to the topic
of my wife's novel.
I just heard Kenny's limo
is on its way from the airport.
[ Breathes deeply ]
Word is,
he is dressed to the nines.
Well, so am I.
I'm wearing my silver stud.
Ah. I thought
that was a piece of glitter.
No, no.
It's the happy-sad drama masks.
Ah, that's fun.
[ Hip-hop music plays ]
[ Music ends, disc changes ]
[ Click ]
[ Fife playing ]
Man:
"Dearest Henrietta,
I write from the snowy hills
of Valley Forge
as we await word
from the front.
Not this again.
I know you don't understand
how I could leave you
and our son Gideon
so far away,
but I fight not only
for our family,
but for something larger.
Like what?
I fight because one person
cannot impose their
singular will on the people.
For to live in a land
and not have a voice
in what transpires there
is to live not under a song
of freedom, but of tyranny."
Evan:
Powerful stuff, isn't it?
Wait till the part
where the flag was still there.
Tears. Full tears.
You're a lot like King George,
you know.
I'm picturing rich guy,
well-fed,
does whatever he wants.
Yeah, I can see it.
No, he was a bad king.
A tyrant.
Imposing his will on the people.
Well, I'm not trying
to be a tyrant.
It's just...music
has always been my thing.
And my friends know that.
That was before.
That 300-disc changer
is the New World.
It shuffles
more than just songs, Eddie.
It shuffles expectations.
One of the original tenets
of our republic was,
"No taxation
without representation."
Your friends helped pay
for the carousel, Eddie.
Now they want a say
in what it plays.
Wow.
Y'all just turned
my bedroom into school.
[ Chuckles ]
Man: [ High-pitched voice ]
* Happy birthday, Evan *
* Come back to Chuck E. Cheese *
That was
a great 8th birthday.
**
Pleasure to meet you,
Louis.
Keep up the good work.
[ Chuckles ]
Thank you, Kenny.
And may I just say,
you killed it
on that episode
of "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman."
[ Chuckles ]
Believable cough, wasn't it?
[ Both laugh ]
All right, Kenny.
**
Whew!
Oh, that man
is a class act.
And look at the gift
he brought me.
Rattlesnake boots.
My favorite snake!
It's pretty amazing
how an animal with no feet
can be reborn
as footwear.
Huh.
Louis!
Did you give Kenny
that envelope?
Oh. I did.
He read a couple pages,
said crime novels
weren't his thing,
and gave it back to me.
I'm sorry.
We gave it a good try.
Help me understand how he read
a couple of pages
if my book
was not in the envelope.
What do you mean?
You handed Kenny
the instruction manual
to our broken coffee maker
and my 20-page complaint letter.
This is my manuscript.
**
I don't understand.
Why did you give me
the coffee-maker letter?
It was an accident!
While it is
very well-written,
it's not what I wanted Kenny
to publish.
Next time you ask me to ask
my boss for a huge favor,
please make sure
you give me the right envelope.
You did not even give it
to him!
All right,
all right, listen.
The truth is...
I did not like your book.
I know.
You said you loved it.
No, I love you, and I didn't
want to hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry. I should have
been honest sooner.
But I can't vouch for something
that I don't believe in.
You think I always believed
in this place?!
I know you didn't feel good
about the original carpeting.
Everyone in our family
thought you were crazy
for moving us here,
but I supported you.
Jessica, there is
a character in your book
that somehow manages
to get murdered twice.
It --
It doesn't make any sense.
And a Chinese immigrant
opening up
a Western-themed steakhouse
in Central Florida does?
It doesn't matter that your idea
didn't make sense to me.
It made sense to you.
It was your dream,
and that's enough for me.
[ Sighs ]
Well, now I know the title
of my next book --
"A Case
of a Knife to the Back."
[ Sighs ]
[ Door opens ]
Je--
[ Door closes ]
Dude, you're crazy.
I'm telling you.
She's beautiful.
Fox Maid Marian
from the "Robin Hood" cartoon?
Rent it again.
And really look at her.
She's so modest
and elegant.
I did like it
when she played badminton.
Was that just...
Um, Eddie,
what are you...
Just six more wires, guys.
I got to start respecting
roadies, man.
From now on,
we each have an equal say.
Cool of you to say that.
I appreciate
you coming around on Enya.
Here's the thing, Dave --
I think Enya sucks.
But you like her,
so she deserves a place
in the carousel.
Democracy.
Together: Democracy.
[ Heavy-metal music plays ]
Gwar!
Who hurt these people?
What do their mothers think?
Gwar has no mothers!
**
If this is another one
of your political cartoons,
I don't want to read it.
It's not.
[ Sighs ]
"Dear Kenny,
I know we've only just met,
but I'm writing on behalf
of my wife, Jessica.
She's finished a novel,
which I'm hoping you'll read
and share with your agent.
As with everything she does,
she put her heart and soul
into it.
Thank you
for considering it.
Your partner in cattle
and cluck, Louis Huang."
I'm sorry I lied about
giving him your book
and for not being honest
about how I felt.
I always want you
to be honest with me.
Even if you think
I'm not gonna like it.
I will be.
I promise.
And you don't have
to send him this letter.
I absolutely do.
I should have supported you
from the beginning.
You should wait until I write
a book that you believe in.
I may not believe
in the detective abilities
of Jennifer Hong.
But I will always believe
in the dreams of Jessica Huang.
Why isn't that sentence
in the letter?
I'll add it
and send it out with your book.
Perfect.
[ Chuckles ]
Are you wearing
a silver stud?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
What do you think?
Oh, I...
I love it.
It's amazing.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah, I love it, too.
**
Hissssss!
[ Door closes ]
Louis, he responded.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
No matter
what the letter says,
just remember it's
only one person's opinion.
Okay.
"Dear Jessica,
as you probably know
from reading 'The Gift,'
I sure do love a mystery.
And, boy, did yours have me
by the throat...
or in this case,
the brain -- Get it?"
Oh, my God! He loved it!
He loved it!
"My agent and I
will be in touch soon!
Oh, and thank Louis
for the pen.
Smoothest write
of my damn life.
I think she's got
a couple of songs in her."
[ Gasps ]
Do you realize
what this means?
I might be published!
He loved the pen!
You might be published!
[ Squeals ]
Also, you were wrong!
Take the win.
Books are subjective.